Hi, how are you?
So every time I trade as I do then
but it's so today I came to do the review
df side of daughter
As you can see, he comes here.
China is very cool, it's a box
even do not
until cute then I always wanted
find a epilator only if I
to be scared to say that it hurt
very
and so it was the price also that I thought
very expensive then strolling in the mall
her husband decided not to give
he so
this is the simplest one that tries philips
simpler but does not leave anything to be desired
because what he does all he does is shave the
signature legs or axilla battery bag
of fillet crotch shaved all by the same
and it's cool, yes, speed
speed and here it opens
and shelter you can wash from under
It 's a good faucet, that's for you.
to wash
Then he comes just this, he suddenly and not
I saw nothing or leave it and the source
it is not rechargeable he did not take it
then uses helipad good right good and I
I do not think it hurts
C minor so not much to be hero
does not hurt either
So I really liked him and I.
I liked my arm
Look, there is a week that I defend.
a week of tele and sun alone
beginning the saints pl brazil very much
So I thought it was great to start the
arm
my leg is exclusively my land
because I have an energy gillette that
then you have no idea even hairy
even hairy because he gave an allergy
hellish an itch he thought was better
do not do
so I chose the cologne it is there but I do not
I like hair and energy and with that
I only go to my life because the
affordable price $ 100 ar $ 100 homes
that was in the promotion because
he is simpler is an old model
I think his model is the model
son satinelle hp 6,400 bar 20
then this is the simplest and most
cheap
but now I had to and I believe you
you will also like
if you were in doubt because it hurts
very buy ethanol which offsets this
does everything everything everything is your mother that
also left 20 lozoya on the other hand
You're going to like it. Look for it.
because I saw one places credit the same
with 150 and has place that he is more
because it has already been launched several
models for the models I do not know but already
was released a newer model than this
And the same thing as having a sporting
a taste more so there was
more in account
with this my tip today if you want
an epilator complete
I liked it and I approve until the next
video